.TH EXPRESSVPN-TRAY-ICON-FIX-INTEGRATE 1 "2026-03-15" "expressvpn-tray-icon-fix 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
expressvpn-tray-icon-fix-integrate \- manage per-user ExpressVPN launcher integration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B expressvpn-tray-icon-fix-integrate
\fBenable\fR [\fIUSER\fR]
.br
.B expressvpn-tray-icon-fix-integrate
\fBdisable\fR [\fIUSER\fR]
.br
.B expressvpn-tray-icon-fix-integrate
\fBstatus\fR [\fIUSER\fR]
.br
.B expressvpn-tray-icon-fix-integrate
[\fB-h\fR|\fB--help\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B expressvpn-tray-icon-fix-integrate
creates or removes managed user-local overrides so the standard ExpressVPN
desktop launcher and autostart entry use
.BR expressvpn-tray-icon-fix (1).
.PP
It is normally invoked automatically by the package install script, but it can
also be used manually to repair or inspect integration state.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B enable [USER]
Create managed overrides for the target user.
.TP
.B disable [USER]
Remove managed overrides for the target user and restore backups when available.
.TP
.B status [USER]
Print integration status for the target user.
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show a short usage message and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/applications/expressvpn.desktop
Managed desktop override for the standard ExpressVPN launcher.
.TP
.I ~/.config/autostart/expressvpn-client.desktop
Managed autostart override for ExpressVPN.
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/expressvpn-tray-icon-fix/integration/
Backup and integration state for managed overrides.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR expressvpn-tray-icon-fix (1)
