.TH EXPRESSVPN-TRAY-ICON-FIX 1 "2026-03-15" "expressvpn-tray-icon-fix 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
expressvpn-tray-icon-fix \- launch ExpressVPN with improved live-switching tray icons
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B expressvpn-tray-icon-fix
[\fB--style\fR \fISTYLE\fR]
[\fB--set-style\fR \fISTYLE\fR]
[\fB--print-style\fR]
[\fB--repair-integration\fR]
[\fB--disable-integration\fR]
[\fB--integration-status\fR]
[\fB--foreground\fR]
[\fB-h\fR|\fB--help\fR]
[\fB--\fR [\fIEXPRESSVPN_ARGS\fR ...]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B expressvpn-tray-icon-fix
launches the ExpressVPN GUI client with a preload hook and themed tray icon
assets. The tray icon follows the current system light or dark theme and can be
used with colored or monochrome status indicators.
.PP
For the current release, the launcher runs the GUI under
\fBXDG_SESSION_TYPE=X11\fR semantics.
.PP
When the package is installed through pacman, it installs its own desktop entry
at \fB/usr/share/applications/expressvpn-tray-icon-fix.desktop\fR and attempts
to enable itself for the invoking user by creating user-local overrides for the
standard \fBexpressvpn.desktop\fR launcher and the ExpressVPN autostart entry.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --style STYLE
Persist \fISTYLE\fR and launch ExpressVPN. Accepted values are \fBcolored\fR and
\fBmonochrome\fR.
.TP
.B --set-style STYLE
Persist \fISTYLE\fR and exit without launching ExpressVPN.
.TP
.B --print-style
Print the effective style and exit.
.TP
.B --repair-integration
Recreate the managed per-user ExpressVPN launcher and autostart integration.
.TP
.B --disable-integration
Remove the managed per-user ExpressVPN launcher and autostart integration.
.TP
.B --integration-status
Print the current integration status for the active user.
.TP
.B --foreground
Run ExpressVPN attached to the current terminal instead of backgrounding it.
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show a short usage message and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/expressvpn-tray-icon-fix/style
Persisted style choice for the current user.
.TP
.I /usr/share/applications/expressvpn-tray-icon-fix.desktop
Package-owned desktop entry used by the integration flow.
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/applications/expressvpn.desktop
Managed desktop override installed by package integration.
.TP
.I ~/.config/autostart/expressvpn-client.desktop
Managed autostart override installed by package integration.
